
Ahmed's Developer Test 

This is a single page web application that allows a user to be added to an SQL Database. This was made possible with the help of both Visual Studio 2013 and Microsoft SQL Server Management Studio 2012. This web application uses the Developer Test.pdf (attached) as a guidance on mitigating it's problems. The Web application as previously said, contains a single page which holds a form style that includes User details as such; Email Address and password. Text boxes have been provided for the Users to input their details and all their details are stored onto an local SQL database via a click of a button. The text boxes have their own validation, prevents empty information from being passed to the database. The layout of the web application is very simple and easy to use. All it's information are easily accessible and displayed prevents users experiencing any difficulties. However, as with all software/application, they all have their own limitation in their own way. This web application has it's own too. Some relates to the local SQL database Where as others relates to how Users are limited to some
important interactions. Firstly, as the database is internal and all details are stored locally. This means, it prevents other machines from storing user details. Secondly, just two text boxes and a button are available, this can be improved in future developments. Finally, there are better options available for making the appearance of the web application better (I.e. Using jQuery for better appearance and usability).
